doc: Doc updates for 2.4.99-dev1 (#12078)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Cellular samples (renamed from nRF9160 samples)
-----------------------------------------------

> * Renamed nRF9160 samples to :ref:`cellular_samples` and are now found in the :file:`samples/cellular` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed nRF9160 samples to :ref:`cellular_samples` relocated them to the :file:`samples/cellular` folder.
```

* :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library:

  * Updated by deleting reset in progress flag from settings storage instead of storing it as ``false`` on factory reset operation.
    This is done to ensure that no Fast Pair data is left in the settings storage after the factory reset.

* :ref:`bt_mesh` library:

  * Added the :kconfig:option:`BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_AMB_LIGHT_LEVEL_TIMEOUT` Kconfig option that configures a timeout before resetting the ambient light level to zero.

  * Updated:

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_MODEL_SRV_STORE_TIMEOUT` Kconfig option, that is controlling timeout for storing of model states, is replaced by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_STORE_TIMEOUT` Kconfig option.
    * The Light Lightness Actual and Generic Power Level states of the :ref:`bt_mesh_lightness_srv_readme` and :ref:`bt_mesh_plvl_srv_readme` models cannot dim to off.
      This is due to binding with Generic Level state when receiving Generic Delta Set and Generic Move Set messages.

  * Fixed:
  
    * An issue where the :ref:`bt_mesh_dtt_srv_readme` model could not be found for models spanning multiple elements.

>     * An issue where the :ref:`bt_mesh_sensor_srv_readme` model would add a corrupted marshalled sensor data into the Sensor Status message because the fetched sensor value was outside of range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * An issue where the :ref:`bt_mesh_sensor_srv_readme` model would add a corrupted marshalled sensor data into the Sensor Status message, because the fetched sensor value was outside the range.
```

>       If the fetched sensor value is outside of range, the marshalled sensor data for that sensor will not be added to the Sensor Status message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If the fetched sensor value is out of range, the marshalled sensor data for that sensor is not added to the Sensor Status message.
```

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_rest` library:

>   * Updated :c:func:`nrf_cloud_rest_location_get` to use the new function :c:func:`nrf_cloud_obj_location_request_payload_add`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_rest_location_get` function to use the new function :c:func:`nrf_cloud_obj_location_request_payload_add`.
```

    * Functions to query whether text-based or dictionary (binary-based) logging is enabled.
    * Support for sending direct log messages using CoAP.

  * Fixed the memory leak.

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` library:

  * Added support for sending alerts using CoAP.

> * Removed  the Multicell location library as the relevant functionality is available through the :ref:`lib_location` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the Multicell location library as the relevant functionality is available through the :ref:`lib_location` library.
```

Libraries for NFC
-----------------

> * Fixed the potential issue where the NFC interrupt context switching could result in the loss of interrupt data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a potential issue where the NFC interrupt context switching could result in loss of interrupt data.
```
